Cards docs (#100)
labcodes/labstorybook: stories/Card.stories.mdx

        </div>
      </div>
    </div>
  </div>
  <h2>Interactive Demo</h2>
  <p>This demo lets you preview the card component, its variations, and configuration options.</p>   

<Story name="InteractiveDemo">
  <Fragment>
    <CardPlayground />
  </Fragment>
</Story>

  <h2>Prop API docs</h2>
  <p>Here's the list of props based on the components' prop types definitions.</p>
  <h3> OutlineCard</h3>

<Props of={OutlineCard} />

  <h3>FilledCard</h3>

<Props of={FilledCard} />

  <h3>OutlineFilledCard</h3>

<Props of={OutlineFilledCard} />

  <h3>CardImage</h3>

<Props of={CardImage} />

  <h3>CardHeader</h3>

<Props of={CardHeader} />

  <h3>CardDivider</h3>

<Props of={CardDivider} />

  <h3>LinkAction</h3>

<Props of={LinkAction} />

  <h3>DoubleAction</h3>

<Props of={DoubleAction} />

</div>
<div className="simple-tab__content content2">
    <h2> Size and Responsiveness </h2>
    <p><span className="u-color-pink-60">Distance between cards: 16px</span></p>
    <div className="columns">
      <div className="column is-one-third">
        <p><strong>Mobile:</strong> 6-12 columns</p>

>         <img src="docs/card/mobile.png" alt="Cards responsivess for mobile"/>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        <img src="docs/card/mobile.png" alt="Card responsive size and placement example for mobile. Min 6 columns, max 12 columns."/>
```

      </div>
    </div>
    <div className="columns">
      <div className="column is-full">
        <p><strong>Tablet:</strong> 4-12 columns</p>

>         <img src="docs/card/tablet.png" alt="Cards responsivess for tablet"/>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        <img src="docs/card/tablet.png" alt="Card responsive size and placement examples for tablet. Min 4 columns, max 12 columns."/>
```

>         <div className="doc-em-block">

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        <br />
        <div className="doc-em-block">
```

Added it because it looks too close to the image.

          <p>
              From tablet-portrait-up you can choose between a vertical or horizontal layout, but mobile only allow the vertical one. 
              Therefore, if a horizontal card is used, it should change to the vertical layout for screens smaller than 600px. Both of them have the same anatomy elements varying only on image placement.
          </p>
        </div>
      </div>
    </div>
    <div className="columns">
      <div className="column is-full">
        <p><strong>Desktop:</strong> 2-6 columns</p>

>         <img src="docs/card/desktop.png" alt="Cards responsivess for desktop"/>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        <img src="docs/card/desktop.png" alt="Card responsive size and placement example for desktop. Min of 2 columns and max of 6."/>
```

      </div>
    </div>

>     <h2>Styles & color combination</h2>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    <h2>Styles</h2>
```
